com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/ClientInfo.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.ClientInfo
com/mcal/studio/git/PullTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.PullTask
 com.mcal.studio.git.PullTask$1
com/mcal/studio/BuildConfig.java
 com.mcal.studio.BuildConfig
com/mcal/studio/utils/AbiInfo.java
 com.mcal.studio.utils.AbiInfo
com/mcal/studio/builder/BuildCallback.java
 com.mcal.studio.builder.BuildCallback
com/mcal/studio/builder/ApkMaker.java
 com.mcal.studio.builder.ApkMaker
com/mcal/studio/helper/ProjectFiles.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.ProjectFiles
 com.mcal.studio.helper.ProjectFiles$Default
 com.mcal.studio.helper.ProjectFiles$Import
com/mcal/studio/helper/HTMLParser.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.HTMLParser
com/mcal/studio/editor/patterns/Patterns.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.patterns.Patterns
com/mcal/studio/data/Preferences.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.Preferences
com/mcal/studio/git/CheckoutTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.CheckoutTask
com/mcal/studio/editor/patterns/PatternsXml.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.patterns.PatternsXml
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/Firebase.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.Firebase
com/mcal/studio/git/FetchTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.FetchTask
 com.mcal.studio.git.FetchTask$1
com/mcal/studio/text/HtmlCompat.java
 com.mcal.studio.text.HtmlCompat
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/build/DefaultConfig.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.build.DefaultConfig
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/OauthClient.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.OauthClient
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/Services.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.Services
com/mcal/studio/git/CommitTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.CommitTask
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/OtherPlatformOauthClient.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.OtherPlatformOauthClient
com/mcal/studio/helper/HyperServer.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.HyperServer
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/AppinviteService.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.AppinviteService
com/mcal/studio/utils/InstallProvider.java
 com.mcal.studio.utils.InstallProvider
com/mcal/studio/helper/FontsOverride.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.FontsOverride
com/mcal/studio/adapter/AnalyzeAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.AnalyzeAdapter
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/build/Android.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.build.Android
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/ApiKey.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.ApiKey
com/mcal/studio/helper/Constants.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.Constants
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/AndroidClientInfo.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.AndroidClientInfo
com/mcal/studio/builder/Merger.java
 com.mcal.studio.builder.Merger
com/mcal/studio/editor/Colors.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Colors
com/mcal/studio/editor/patterns/PatternsJson.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.patterns.PatternsJson
com/mcal/studio/data/NightMode.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.NightMode
 com.mcal.studio.data.NightMode$Mode
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/Client.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.Client
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/firebase/ProjectInfo.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.firebase.ProjectInfo
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/build/BuildTypes.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.build.BuildTypes
com/mcal/studio/git/PushTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.PushTask
 com.mcal.studio.git.PushTask$1
 com.mcal.studio.git.PushTask$2
com/mcal/studio/widget/DiffView.java
 com.mcal.studio.widget.DiffView
com/mcal/studio/data/Constants.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.Constants
com/mcal/studio/helper/Clipboard.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.Clipboard
 com.mcal.studio.helper.Clipboard$Type
com/mcal/studio/editor/patterns/PatternsGradle.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.patterns.PatternsGradle
com/mcal/studio/data/gson/build/DependenciesJava.java
 com.mcal.studio.data.gson.build.DependenciesJava
com/mcal/studio/utils/Utils.java
 com.mcal.studio.utils.Utils
com/mcal/studio/App.java
 com.mcal.studio.App
com/mcal/studio/helper/NetworkUtils.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.NetworkUtils
com/mcal/studio/builder/Compiler.java
 com.mcal.studio.builder.Compiler
com/mcal/studio/editor/patterns/PatternsJava.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.patterns.PatternsJava
com/mcal/studio/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.mcal.studio.utils.FileUtils
com/mcal/studio/git/GitTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.GitTask
com/mcal/studio/helper/DataValidator.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.DataValidator
com/mcal/studio/adapter/IntroAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.IntroAdapter
com/mcal/studio/adapter/RemotesAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter$2
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter$2$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.RemotesAdapter$RemotesHolder
com/mcal/studio/git/CloneTask.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.CloneTask
 com.mcal.studio.git.CloneTask$1
com/mcal/studio/license/EclipseDistributionLicense10.java
 com.mcal.studio.license.EclipseDistributionLicense10
com/mcal/studio/fragment/EditorFragment.java
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.EditorFragment
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.EditorFragment$1
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.EditorFragment$SymbolClickListener
com/mcal/studio/git/GitWrapper.java
 com.mcal.studio.git.GitWrapper
com/mcal/studio/widget/holder/FileTreeHolder.java
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$1$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$1$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$1$1$3
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$2
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.FileTreeHolder$FileTreeItem
com/mcal/studio/helper/ResourceHelper.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.ResourceHelper
com/mcal/studio/widget/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout.java
 com.mcal.studio.widget.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
 com.mcal.studio.widget.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout$OnInsetsCallback
com/mcal/studio/activity/IntroActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.IntroActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.IntroActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.IntroActivity$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.IntroActivity$3
com/mcal/studio/fragment/SettingsFragment.java
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$1
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$2
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$3
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$4
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$4$1
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.SettingsFragment$5
com/mcal/studio/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$2$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$2$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$2$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.mcal.studio.activity.MainActivity$4
com/mcal/studio/activity/AnalyzeActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.AnalyzeActivity
com/mcal/studio/fragment/IntroFragment.java
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.IntroFragment
com/mcal/studio/adapter/FileAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.FileAdapter
com/mcal/studio/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.SplashActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.SplashActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.SplashActivity$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.SplashActivity$3
com/mcal/studio/activity/SettingsActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.SettingsActivity
com/mcal/studio/widget/holder/TagTreeHolder.java
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1$2$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1$3
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$1$1$3$1
 com.mcal.studio.widget.holder.TagTreeHolder$TagTreeItem
com/mcal/studio/fragment/analyze/AnalyzeFileFragment.java
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.analyze.AnalyzeFileFragment
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.analyze.AnalyzeFileFragment$1
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.analyze.AnalyzeFileFragment$SizeValueFormatter
com/mcal/studio/fragment/ImageFragment.java
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.ImageFragment
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.ImageFragment$1
 com.mcal.studio.fragment.ImageFragment$1$1
com/mcal/studio/activity/WebActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$1$3
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$10
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$11
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$12
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$13
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$14
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$15
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$16
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$17
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$18
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$19
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$20
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$21
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$22
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$3
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$3$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$4
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$5
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$6
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$7
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$8
 com.mcal.studio.activity.WebActivity$9
com/mcal/studio/helper/ProjectManager.java
 com.mcal.studio.helper.ProjectManager
com/mcal/studio/adapter/ProjectAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.ProjectAdapter
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.ProjectAdapter$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.ProjectAdapter$2
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.ProjectAdapter$2$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.ProjectAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/mcal/studio/adapter/GitLogsAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.GitLogsAdapter
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.GitLogsAdapter$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.GitLogsAdapter$2
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.GitLogsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mcal/studio/activity/RemotesActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.RemotesActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.RemotesActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.RemotesActivity$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.RemotesActivity$2
com/mcal/studio/adapter/AttrsAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.AttrsAdapter
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.AttrsAdapter$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.AttrsAdapter$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.AttrsAdapter$AttrsHolder
com/mcal/studio/editor/Editor.java
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$1
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$2
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$3
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$4
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$5
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$6
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$CodeType
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$EditorCallback
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$EditorCallback$1
 com.mcal.studio.editor.Editor$OnTextChangedListener
com/mcal/studio/adapter/LogsAdapter.java
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.LogsAdapter
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.LogsAdapter$1
 com.mcal.studio.adapter.LogsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/mcal/studio/activity/ViewActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ViewActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ViewActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ViewActivity$2
com/mcal/studio/activity/ProjectActivity.java
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$10
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$11
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$11$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$12
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$13
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$14
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$15
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$16
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$17
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$18
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$19
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$3
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$4
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$4$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$4$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$4$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$5
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$5$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$5$1$1
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$5$1$2
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$6
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$7
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$8
 com.mcal.studio.activity.ProjectActivity$9
